chore(create-novu-app): rename @novu/echo to @novu/framework (#5754)
notifirehq/notifire: packages/create-novu-app/templates/app-react-email/ts/README-template.md

## Your first workflow

> Your first email workflow can be edited in `./app/workflow/myWorkflow.ts`. You can adjust your workflow to your liking.

Author: this path is up for debate, let me hear if we want it named some other way

Reviewer: I think we should keep everything under a `novu` subpath, keeping in mind that we want to keep things simple but opinionated, so we can have the following:
```suggestion
Your first email workflow can be edited in `./app/novu/workflows.ts`. You can adjust your workflow to your liking.
```
